Hashirama: 千手柱間
The God of All Shinobi
Hashirama Senju (千手柱間, Senju Hashirama) was a member of the famed Senju clan. He himself was hailed as 
                    the "God of Shinobi" for his unmatched ninja prowess. Hashirama sought peace for the shinobi world, and to 
                    that end founded Konohagakure with his clan, his childhood friend and rival: Madara Uchiha and the Uchiha clan.
                    He would later become the First Hokage (初代火影, Shodai Hokage, Literally meaning: First or Founding Fire Shadow)
                    of Konohagakure. Although he was not able to achieve peace during his lifetime, his legacy and vision for the 
                    world would continue to shape the village and the entire shinobi world even after his death. 

Tobirama: 千手扉間
The Scholar
Tobirama Senju (千手扉間, Senju Tobirama) was a member of the renowned Senju clan, who, together with
                    his elder brother and the Uchiha clan, founded the first shinobi village: Konohagakure. Throughout 
                    his lifetime, Tobirama would work tirelessly to achieve political stability and implement the institutions
                    that made the village system work, thus ensuring Konoha's continuity and prosperity. After his brother's
                    death, he would succeed the title of Second Hokage (二代目火影, Nidaime Hokage, Literally meaning: 
                    Second Fire Shadow). 
Hiruzen: 猿飛ヒルゼン
The Protector
Hiruzen Sarutobi (猿飛ヒルゼン, Sarutobi Hiruzen) was the Third Hokage (三代目火影, Sandaime Hokage,
                    Literally meaning: Third Fire Shadow) of Konohagakure. A disciple of the village's previous Hokage,
                    Hiruzen was a powerful ninja, hailed as a "God of Shinobi". Though he was only ever directly the teacher
                     of the Sannin, generations of Konoha shinobi benefited from his wisdom during his lifetime. 
Minato: 波風ミナト
The Legend
Minato Namikaze (波風ミナト, Namikaze Minato) was the Fourth Hokage (四代目火影, Yondaime Hokage,
                     Literally meaning: Fourth Fire Shadow) of Konohagakure. He was famous in life for his speed, 
                     leading to the moniker of Konoha's Yellow Flash (木ノ葉の黄色い閃光, Konoha no Kiiroi Senkō, English TV:
                      Yellow Flash of the Leaf). He died during the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox's Attack, sacrificing his life to
                    seal a part of the Nine-Tails into his newborn son, Naruto Uzumaki.
Tsunade: 千手綱手
The Uniter
Tsunade (綱手, Tsunade) is a descendant of the Senju clan and one of Konohagakure's Sannin;
                    famed as the world's strongest kunoichi and its greatest medical-nin. The repeated loss 
                    of her loved ones caused Tsunade to develop a crippling fear of blood and she would later
                    abandon the life of a shinobi for many years. 
Kakashi: はたけカカシ
The Copycat Ninja
Kakashi Hatake (はたけカカシ, Hatake Kakashi) is a shinobi of Konohagakure's Hatake clan. 
                    Famed as Kakashi of the Sharingan (写輪眼のカカシ, Sharingan no Kakashi), 
                    he is one of Konoha's most talented ninja. 
Naruto: うずまきナルト
The Next Generation
Naruto Uzumaki (うずまきナルト, Uzumaki Naruto) is a shinobi of Konohagakure. He became the 
                    jinchūriki of the Nine-Tails on the day of his birth — a fate that caused him to be shunned 
                    by most of Konoha throughout his childhood. After joining Team Kakashi, Naruto worked hard 
                    to gain the village's acknowledgement all the while chasing his dream to become Hokage.